Python interrupt fix (#27)
Picovoice/pico-cookbook: recipes/llm-voice-assistant/python/windows_gui/README.md

> ## Compatibility

Reviewer: I think we should either have a title with a quick summary of what this demo is. Or, we could also put a readme at `llm-voice-assistant/python` that summarizes the differences between the demos (like we do in https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine/tree/master/demo/android)

- Python 3.8+
- Runs on Windows (x86_64).

## AccessKey

AccessKey is your authentication and authorization token for deploying Picovoice SDKs, including picoLLM. Anyone who is
using Picovoice needs to have a valid AccessKey. You must keep your AccessKey secret. You would need internet
connectivity to validate your AccessKey with Picovoice license servers even though the LLM inference is running 100%
offline and completely free for open-weight models. Everyone who signs up for
[Picovoice Console](https://console.picovoice.ai/) receives a unique AccessKey.

## picoLLM Model

picoLLM Inference Engine supports many open-weight models. The models are on
[Picovoice Console](https://console.picovoice.ai/).

## Usage

Install the required packages:

```console
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Run the demo:

```console
python3 main.py --access_key ${ACCESS_KEY} --picollm_model_path ${PICOLLM_MODEL_PATH} 
```

Replace `${ACCESS_KEY}` with yours obtained from Picovoice Console and `${PICOLLM_MODEL_PATH}` with the path to the 
model downloaded from Picovoice Console.

To see all available options, type the following:

```console
python main.py --help
```

> ## Custom Wake Word

Reviewer: I think you should add a section `## Config File` to this and the other readme that explains the whole config file feature to a new user with a short example json block. Otherwise, the only exposure they have to it is the one sentence in the help text.

> # LLM Voice Assistant GUI Demo
> 
> A voice assistant using Porcupine, Cheetah, picoLLM, and Orca with a console based graphical interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Windows LLM Voice Assistant GUI Demo

A voice assistant for Windows using Picovoice's Wake Word, STT, TTS and LLM technology with a console-based graphical interface.
```
